README.md, before:

### OpenRobotics
#### A repo for OpenComputers mod


#### Disclaimer: everything in the repo was initially running  on minecraft 1.7.10. and OpenComputers 1.7.5. It may be that something would break or get deprecated/obsolete in older versions and I won't have time to fix it.

#### Disclaimer2: I'm not guarantee, that every issue you post would be implemented.

Get programs from here (and other repos) via `oppm` package manager. Reminder: it is "built into" OpenComputers, so you can craft a floppy with `oppm`, insert it into computer and run 

```bash
install oppm
```

to install it.

### Purpose

Initially this repo is to contain some shapes for buildings done with robots. Will add detailed documentation if i won't forget. To see program description, go to it's folder and check `README.md` here.

### Registering and Installing things

To add this repo (while it is not in OpenComputers repo group and i think it won't be for undefined perion of time), type

```bash
oppm register meTur4ik/OpenRobotics
```

After that you should be able to install programs from this repo. If you are not familiar with how `oppm` works, try then

```bash
oppm install hellome
```

and have a look, where this "hello" printing script is installed

Commit message:

begin iniconfig. add some documentation

README.md, after:

### OpenRobotics
#### A repo for OpenComputers mod


#### Disclaimer: everything in the repo was initially running  on minecraft 1.7.10. and OpenComputers 1.7.5. It may be that something would break or get deprecated/obsolete in newer versions and I won't have time to fix it.

#### Disclaimer2: I'm not guarantee, that every issue you post would be implemented.

Get programs from here (and other repos) via `oppm` package manager. Reminder: it is "built into" OpenComputers, so you can craft a floppy with `oppm`, insert it into computer and run 

```bash
install oppm
```

to install it.

### Purpose

Initially this repo is to contain some shapes for buildings done with robots. Will add detailed documentation if i won't forget. To see program description, go to it's folder and check `README.md` here.

### Registering and Installing things

To add this repo (while it is not in OpenComputers repo group and i think it won't be for undefined perion of time), type

```bash
oppm register meTur4ik/OpenRobotics
```

After that you should be able to install programs from this repo. If you are not familiar with how `oppm` works, try then

```bash
oppm install hellome
```

and have a look, where this "hello" printing script is installed

### Documentation ...Eventually

So documentation is placed into man files for every package. It is available both here and also downloaded by oppm, so if inside minecraft, after installing package, run

```bash
man package_name
```

to see it. If you want to see documentation on package from GitHub - go to folder, named as package and open file without extention, for example [autocraft](/autocraft/autocraft)
